Hi again. You'll now
learn about how words
are being represented in
the neural machine
translation setting.
You will also see what
the data set looks like,
and when implementing
the systems,
I'll show you that
you need to keep
track of a few things.
For example, which words
correspond to what's vectors.
With that said, let's dive in.
Before taking a deeper
dive into the model,
I'll show you the setup
for machine translation.
This is an example of
the type of input data
that you will have for
your assignment this week.
Over here, you have the sequence,
I'm hungry, and on the right,
the corresponding
German equivalent.
Further down you have,
I watch the soccer game,
master, the corresponding
German equivalent.
You're going to have a
great many of these inputs.
One thing to note here is
that the data set used is not
entirely clean as there are
occasional inputs in Spanish.
This shouldn't affect
your assignments,
but forewarned is forearmed.
You should know that the state of
the arts models use
pretrained vectors.
But otherwise the first
thing you'll do is to
use a one-hot vector to
represent the words.
That's simply taking the
corresponding vector for
the embedding for that's
worth or the cell
board embedding,
and using that as an input.
Usually you'll keep
track of your mappings
with a word to index and
index toward dictionary.
Given any input, you transform it
into indices and then vice versa,
when you make the predictions.
You will also normally use
a starts of sequence
token like this,
at then end of sequence
token that looks like this.
SOS, and EOS.
Here's an example from
your upcoming assignments.
This is English sentence and then
the tokenized version of
the English sentence,
you can see that it has an
index of 4546 for the word
both after the
initial tokenization
just add the EOS token
shown here as one,
and pad with zeros.
You can see the one at
the end of the sequence.
Then a series of zeros
that's if you were to count,
would be equal to the number of
unpaired tokens in the sequence.
In other words, until the size of
the longest sentence
aloud is reached.
These tokens will later
be used to produce
a matrix for the
embedding vectors.
Now let's go to the German
translation of that sequence.
Along with the tokenized version
of the German translation.
Notice that one is the
end of token here two.
It's also followed with
a series of zeros.
This are also equal to the number
of unpaired tokens
in the sequence.
This is the general setup process
you would use in the real world,
but I'll give you a
pre-built package
that will take care
of this process.
All you have to do is load
this package and give
it the sequences,
and it'll give you a
corresponding tokenized version
of each sentence.
Given now that you know
how to represent words,
how to initialize your model,
and how to structure
your data set.
You can go ahead and start
training your model,
and in the next video,
I'll show you how
you can do this.